so the first minute don't give me my
rights man
right
no that's just the wording they use man
they're not getting that day that didn't
come out of a vacuum and that ain't come
out of a virtue hey come out of a vacuum
they listen those rights that they keep
talking about because what they call
them they call natural rights innate
writes those rights don't they don't
come from a reservoir dr constitution
came from the Magna Carta and the Magna
Carta came from the fact that goes
people that were peasants in the feudal
system of realize that knows Nobles in
those laws were taking their natural
rights when you read the story of how
God what's this guide until I mentioned
innovation and you read sorry about
Robin Hood that's a real story with the
sheriff of Sherwood and all that that's
a real story the reason they were doing
it is cuz them sheriffs and those morons
become and they would take their yep
food and take that vessel that they
plowed the land with
okay the feudal system so no amount of
writing it on paper is what gave them
their rights they had those the brakes
can make thee 400 those a natural rights
Native American then wrote that down bro
calm again one hundred percent of the
treaties that were ribbons are people
that Native Americans were broken so
just going right self down don't mean
nothin man
I don't give a damn bugger other
countries I'm talking about America it's
all about America okay which mark is
gonna be destroyed while of bullshit
violence and murder and lies that is
perpetrated throughout the earth he got
in them and the way they got your mind
so far no man your man is so far than
you weak man who even will weaken Isaiah
chapter 10 verse 1 well done to them
that decree unrighteous decree yeah now
all of them all of them rights all of
them rights if you go into the executive
orders a suit this executive order soup
they're kind of satoshi it supersedes
that that they wrote those down the War
Powers Act the Federal Reserve Bank that
ain't got nothing to do the Constitution
money money is fishy a dollar is
measured in gold and silver yes that's
what the world are means it's a
measurement dollars to go talk about
actually help with your housing back leg
he'll know if she be back are you got my
bottom back before 1913 the gala was
that again everybody's talking about it
but they're supposed to be no no it was
fully taken the Federal Reserve Act was
in 1913 and 19
they went to Jekyll Island in hand to
destroy the American banking system and
then in nineteen thirteen when nobody
was in Congress they passed the Federal
Reserve agnon in 1933 FDR passed was
called the War Powers Act way we can
confiscate the gold now that has nothing
to do with what I just said to you the
fact that the matter is is that the
dollar the word dollar is a measurement
of gold and or silver that's what it is
if I can say this john f kennedy got his
head blown off what's right is going
back to the gold standard that's right
portronics sucks tell the American
people that a dollar is a dollar they
did not but the point I'm trying to say
is you you're dependent you're you're
hinging on the fact of these before the
First Amendment this the Constitution
head they can take that don't mean
nothing you write some natural their
god-given rights man's right then it has
nothing to do with some stupid paper
that a bunch of laces ass crackers broke
down on some fucking parchment max right
right
30 there's a charm
a lot
great oh when
it's okay to take they would take away
me what about the Second Amendment the
right to bear